Require pushed GitHub links for handler artifacts (no local paths / file:// URLs) (#471)
nsheaps/ai-mktpl: plugins/common-sense/rules/artifact-linking-in-reports.md

**Good:**

> "I created the spec at [`docs/specs/draft/feature-x.md`](https://github.com/nsheaps/ai-mktpl/blob/main/docs/specs/draft/feature-x.md) and opened [#42](https://github.com/org/repo/issues/42) for tracking. Commit: `a1b2c3d`."

**Bad (team lead reporting sub-agent work):**

> "Road Runner completed the research on teammate launch behavior. Key findings: spawn is not customizable, delegate mode has a bug."

**Good (team lead reporting sub-agent work):**

> "Road Runner completed the research on teammate launch behavior. Report saved to [`docs/research/teammate-launch-research.md`](https://github.com/nsheaps/ai-mktpl/blob/main/docs/research/teammate-launch-research.md) (research belongs in `docs/research/` per `file-placement.md`, not `.claude/tmp/`). Key findings: spawn is not customizable, delegate mode has a bug ([#25037](https://github.com/anthropics/claude-code/issues/25037))."

## Links Must Be Reachable — No Local Paths, No `file://` URLs

> **CRITICAL:** When you reference a file the handler may want to open (a plan, research note, draft spec, generated doc, transcript, anything in a local repo), commit and push it FIRST, then link to the **GitHub URL**. The handler is on Discord/Telegram and cannot open paths that only exist on the agent's host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**CRITICAL:** When you reference a file the user may want to open (a plan, research note, draft spec, generated doc, transcript, anything in a local repo), commit and push it FIRST, then link to the **GitHub URL**. The user is on a  remote system and cannot open paths that only exist on the agent's host (which may also be ephemeral).
```
